I had a great opportunity to know most of my family throughout my lifetime.
My parents were divorced, so that means that I spent sometime
with my mother's family, sometime with my father's family, sometime
with my father's mother and sometimes with my mother's mother. So, I
bounced around from household to household when I was a youth. I didn't
really form any strong bonds with anyone but I did get an opportunity
to see most of the world so I spent a couple years with my grandmother
in Alabama. So, I got to shoot a few guns there and got to
climb mountains and do all of that country stuff that, you know, a
lot of people come into the Navy with. I just also lived in Michigan
and it's kind of an impoverished area, if you have been watching movies
and things, you probably know about this but it's developed my
character in a lot of ways. Eventually, I finally moved to California
and I have to say, out of all the places that I've been, which is
all over America, California is the right place to be. It has a temperature
that I want, the people and the diversity I want. So, maybe
from now on I'll always stay in California.